.TH MOVEMENT-ZD 6
.SH NAME
movement-zd \- the Movement-ZD eating game
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B movement-zd
[\fIoptions\fR] [\fImap\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
If
.U map
isn\(aqt specified, it is set to 0. If the map is the lowercase \(lqx\(rq, a random map is generated.
The map is created from these elements:
.br
.RS
red # \- player
green # \- eating player
yellow * \- food
white ^ \- anti-toucher
.RE
.sp
When you eat all the foods, you won and when you touch anti-toucher, you lose.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Display a short help and exit.
.TP
\fB\-t\fR, \fB\-\-timeout\fR=\fItimeout\fR
Player loses when
.U timeout
is up, 0 for no timeout. If no \fB--timeout\fR specified, the timeout is 45.
.TP
\fB\-n\fR, \fB\-\-no\-timeout\fR, \fB\-\-disabled\-timeout\fR
Same as \fB\-\-timeout\fR=\fI0\fR.
.TP
\fB\-a\fR, \fB\-\-anti\-touchers
Play a game with anti\-touchers. Same as \fB\-\-advanced\fR=\fIa1\fR
.TP
\fB\-d\fR, \fB\-\-advanced\fR=\fIadvanced\-option\fR
Parse \fIadvanced\-option\fR as an Movement-ZD advanced option, see the
.B ADVANCED OPTIONS
section for more information.
.SH ADVANCED OPTIONS
Advanced options is in the following format:
"{\fIoption\-character\fR}{\fIoption\-argument\fR}"
.br
For example, \(lqa47\(rq is parsed as advanced option \(lqa\(rq with argument 47.
.sp
.B Available advanced options:
.RS
.TP
\fBa\fR{\fIanti\-toucher\-max\-rand\fR}
Set anti\-toucher max random value to \fIanti\-toucher\-max\-rand\fR. For example, when \fB\-\-advanced\fR=\fIa47\fR is specified, 0 is food, 1 \- 47 is anti\-toucher and 48-infinity is empty.
.TP
\fRm\fR{\fIls\fR}{\fIrs\fR}{\fIts\fR}{\fIbs\fR}{\fItl\fR}{\fItr\fR}{\fIbl\fR}{\fIbr\fR}
Set the border characters. Overrides the default border characters.
.br
.RS
\fIls\fR \- left side
.br
\fIrs\fR \- right side
.br
\fIts\fR \- top side
.br
\fIbs\fR \- bottom side
.br
\fItl\fR \- top left-hand corner
.br
\fItr\fR \- top right-hand corner
.br
\fIbl\fR \- bottom left-hand corner
.br
\fIbr\fR \- bottom right-hand corner
.RE
.RE
